First meeting, 8/29/20:

Melody, 8/31/20
* Berkeley CS 61A Office Hour queue: [Oh-queue Github](https://github.com/Cal-CS-61A-Staff/oh-queue)
* Illinois Open Source Queue: [Illinois Queue Github](https://github.com/illinois/queue)
* Simulation of waiting queues for airplanes: [Queue simulation](https://github.com/wilberh/Simulation-of-waiting-queues)
* Stanford's QueueStatus: [Stanford CS Queue](https://queuestatus.com/organizations/1)
* Homework implementing Office Hour queue:[Homework Description](https://cs1331.gitlab.io/fall2018/hw7/hw7-officehoursqueue.html)
* Brown's signMeUp: [Brown queue github](https://github.com/signmeup/signmeup)

In summary, research on competitive product:
* Berkeley
* Illinois (have a paper, will be uploaded to Github)
* Stanford
* Brown
* CS70 Queue/slack/Google Sheets 
We have most information on CS70, Brown, Illinois, primarily analyze these 3. The Berkeley/Stanford ones require other web services, so it's harder to deal with. 

Kevin, 8/31/20
* MyDigitalHand is a product that deals with the same problem
  * https://mydigitalhand.org/
  
Wayne, 9/1/20
* [Slack](https://slack.com/) is an app that allows organized communication between teams; focuses on chat-styled communication
* [Piazza](https://piazza.com/) is a Q&A platform mainly for course instructors and students to communicate through posts and comments

Meeting During Lab 9/4/20
* Reviewed Competitive Research document
* Need to add in key lessons for each product (each person will work on the products they are assigned to)
* Plan on meeting over the weekend to work on the requirements and review competitive research document (time TBD)

Meeting 9/6
* Went over competitive research and worked on preliminary requirments with team, worked together for 2 hours

Meeting on 9/10/20
* Finished PPT for Elicitation, worked for 1.5 hour

Meeting on 9/11/20
* Went over Elicitation PPT with Prof. Kampe during lab
* Conducted Elicitation from 2:15PM to 2:45PM
* Reorganized elicitation notes afterward to be the finalized version of elicitation report

Meeting on 9/13/20
* finished requirements analysis, worked for 2 hours

Meeting on 9/18/20
* Worked on final proposal and post mortem for 2 hours

Meeting on 9/20/20
* finished up final proposal, post mortem, and work logs - took 1 hour
* finished 2A.1 plan and briefly brainstormed architecture, made a UML class diagram, sent to Nancy for feedback (2 hours)

Meeting with Prof. Kampe on 9/24/20 6PM to 7PM
* Reviewed architecture overview with Prof. Kampe, made notes on his recommendation. 

Meeting on 9/25/20 during lab
* Attempted to revise the architectural overview diagram, did not work out very well. 
* Divided 7 componenets among 3 of us for research, plan to do individual research/write up and get together again tomorrow.
* Melody's components: Forum API, Chat API, Two-Factor Authentication
* Wayne's components: Database, Notification setting
* Kevin's components: Student/Grutor UI, Forum API
* Goal: each person finishes their component by tomorrow

Meeting with Nancy 9/25/20 2:15-2:30PM
* Break down architecture diagram further so that it can display information clearer
* Prototype involves looking up API and see what code we could use

Meeting on 9/26/20 10:30AM to 1PM
* Redesigned architecture, added in Home UI
* Drew diagrams of each of the UI
* Redid the architecture diagram, broke down by user classes
* Progress at the end: mostly done, need to reread when we are free

9/27/20 
* Kevin and Melody looked at the architectural doc again and made little adjustments. Ready to turn in. 
* Need to ask another team to schedule architectural review meeting. 

9/29/20
* Talked to TeamHub (Ingrid's Team) and scheduled two review meetings on Friday

9/29/20 
* Melody worked on taking notes on TeamHub's architecture; the doc is on the MKW Google Drive; Worked for 1 hours

9/30/20
* Kevin took notes on TeamHub's architecture. The doc is also on MKW Google Drive; Worked for 1 hour

9/30/20
* Wayne took notes on architecture, doc on Google Drive. Worked for 1 hour

10/1/20
* Kevin and Melody worked on organizing the questions for the Review meeting from 12:45PM to 2PM. 
* Wayne, Kevin, Melody worked on organizing the questions for the Reivew meeting from 4PM to 4:30PM.
* We condensed 3 pages of questions into one page for timing purposes

10/2
* Had architecture meeting from 2PM to 2:30PM
* Kevin and Wayne were the moderators, Melody was the scribe
* Notes taken can be found in the MKW Google Drive
* Agree that we would divide the notes into thirds and each person takes a section since we cannot meet together on 10/3

10/4 
* Everyone worked on finalizing the architecture review report from 11:00AM to 11:45AM
* Submitted to Sakai

10/11
* finished final architectural proposal, post-mortem, and work-share estimates.
* submitted to Sakai afterwards

### Project 3
10/17
* met for 2 hours to flesh out components and settle on interfaces/test cases

10/18 
* met for 1 hour to finish planning for projects 3 and 4
